# WeatherWidgetJS
 
 Wheather Widget is designed to focus on exposing weather conditions and time data of multiple countries in infographics way to catch your user’s attention on climate conditions and various time zones in a simple way. Visual presentation makes easier to remember numbers, words, colors, graphics, and shapes. This is exactly what a TW-Widget does. TW-Widget grabs users mind to understand information. 


To build this visual presentation I fetched the live Epoch time which is central time used by the system and by adding different time zone offset to that value, I calculated current date and time of each country around the world across time zones. To display weather conditions I fetch weather data from developer.accuweather.com which is providing all detailed information of weather of all countries. To use specific information for a country, JSON response from API is fetching the details on exact dimensions. Based on the live weather conditions in the live data API response, the application displays graphics like the sun image for sunny weather, cloud image for cloudy weather, rain image for rainy weather and so on. These graphics are modified in real-time. 

To display daytime and nighttime data, different colors appear on a country circle so that user can understand the time without reading AM/PM. The user can also view the date and time of each country, compare with other countries and understand the time difference. On hover of each country area detailed information like temperature in Fahrenheit/Celsius, and current infographic weather conditions get display in an animated way. The visual presentation of any information makes a big impact on the user. If data presentation is visually appealing then it can create interest in reading any kind of information.
